Add a new 'ZEPToken' section to the documentation (#331)
zeppelinos/zos: packages/docs/docs/docs/zeptoken.md

---
id: zeptoken
title: The ZEPToken
sidebar_label: The ZEPToken
---

> ZeppelinOS' native ZEP token is used to incentivize the creation and maintenance of a healthy ecosystem of EVM packages. It does so via a series of mechanisms that are detailed in the following sections of this article.

Reviewer: I'd mention in the very first paragraph that the ZEP token is **not** needed for using ZeppelinOS, only for participating in this ecosystem.

> ## Compatibility standards

Reviewer: I'd move this section to the end, and merge it with the private beta. This way, after mentioning that the ZEP token is managed via TPL, we can explain that in order to be accepted into the TPL jursidiction the user can apply to the private beta.

ZEP is an ERC20 token, controlled by a [TPL](https://github.com/TPL-protocol) (Transaction Permission Layer) jurisdiction. This allows regional jurisdictions to control which addresses can hold or exchange ZEP using KYC, or whatever other validation process are found to be adequate for the region.

The ZEP token's source code can be found at [`zos/packages/vouching/contracts/ZEPToken.sol`](https://github.com/zeppelinos/zos/blob/master/packages/vouching/contracts/ZEPToken.sol).

## EVM package vouching

Anyone can create ZeppelinOS EVM packages for free. More precisely, you don't need to hold or spend ZEP to create an EVM package. 

> However, ZeppelinOS provides a mechanism in which an EVM package can be registered and vouched for using ZEP. The collected stake of an EVM package can be challenged by other ZEP holders whenever a deficiency in the EVM package is presented for evaluation. In such a situation, the package's stake could be slashed in favor of the challenger.

Reviewer: I think @elopio had the goal to use `vouch` instead of `stake`, to avoid confusion. If so, we should change all mentions to stake in this doc.

Author: Yes, I am aware of the preference of `vouch` vs `stake`. However, I find it hard to put into sentences because the latter is quantitative and the former is qualitative.

Some examples:
"The collected stake of an EVM package" => "The collected vouch of an EVM package"
"A package's stake could be slashed..." => "A package's vouch could be slashed..."

Reviewer: We could use:
- "The tokens vouched for an EVM Package"
- "The vouched tokens for a package could be slashed..."

But I'll defer that decision to you and @elopio, to remain consistent with the rest of the site.

> This simple mechanism allows ZEP that is vouched for an EVM package to represent:

Reviewer: It looks odd to list a set of features here, only to have a following paragraph pointing out which is the _actual_ set of features. I'd reprhase this sentence mentioning that the _end goal_ for the ZEP token vouching is x, y, and z, to then mention the actions available now.

- *A measure of the support that the EVM package has from the community*. An EVM package with a lot of adoption will receive vouching from ZEP holders who may want to participate in the package's governance as well as revenue model.
- *A financial buffer for the development of new features in the EVM package*. Contributors will be able to claim rewards in ZEP from the package's stake whenever a contribution is accepted by the package's developers.
- *A financial buffer for the auditing of the code of the EVM package*. Auditors will be able to receive ZEP whenever a package is successfully challenged.

Vouching is controlled by the contract [`zos/packages/vouching/contracts/Vouching.sol`](https://github.com/zeppelinos/zos/blob/master/packages/vouching/contracts/Vouching.sol).

The current version of this contract currently supports the following features:
- Registering a new EVM package.
- Vouching for an EVM package (only package owners for now).
- Removing stake from an EVM package.
- Removing an EVM package from the registry.

## ZEP token private beta

> Zeppelin is currently distributing mainnet ZEP to projects interested in adopting ZeppelinOS. This is not a sale, but beta testing for the aforementioned token dynamics. To apply to the private beta distribution, please submit your project's details in the [ZEP Token's private beta submission form](https://google.com)(TODO add link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zeppelin is currently distributing mainnet ZEP to projects interested in adopting ZeppelinOS. This is not a sale, but beta testing for the aforementioned token dynamics. To apply to the private beta distribution, please submit your project's details in the [ZEP Token's private beta submission form](https://beta-registration.zeppelinos.org).
```

---
id: zeptoken
title: The ZEPToken
sidebar_label: The ZEPToken
---

ZeppelinOS' native ZEP token is used to incentivize the creation and maintenance of a healthy ecosystem of EVM packages. It does so via a series of mechanisms that are detailed in the following sections of this article.

## Compatibility standards

ZEP is an ERC20 token, controlled by a TPL (Transaction Permission Layer) jurisdiction (TODO: add link). This allows regional jurisdictions to control which addresses can hold or exchange ZEP using KYC, or whatever other validation process are found to be adequate for the region.

> ## EVM package staking

Reviewer 2: @elopio we already decided to use `vouch` instead right?

To challenge an EVM package, ZEP must also be staked, and such stake is lost in the case that the challenge is rejected.

_NOTE: This feature is not implemented in the current ZeppelinOS release._

## EVM package contributions

EVM package maintainers may accept external contributions that claim a given ZEP reward. In the case of accepting a contribution, the reward is taken from the EVM package's stake and given to the author of the contribution. In such a case, the EVM package is free to assimilate the changes provided by the contribution.

If a contribution is assimilated without the provision of a reward, the contribution's author may challenge the EVM package.

_NOTE: This feature is not implemented in the current ZeppelinOS release._

## EVM package linking fees

EVM package developers may choose to set up a linking fee in ZEP, in which case anyone who links to the EVM package will need to provide a one time payment for such linkage to occur.

> _NOTE: This feature is not implemented in the current ZeppelinOS release._

Reviewer 2: I'd move the `NOTE`s right under the section's title

Author: As stated, we will not document non-implemented features, so these notes will be removed.

## EVM package support

Anyone can add stake to an EVM package's total stake to show support. Such stake is indistinctively subject to the same challenge dynamics explained above. If an EVM package charges linkage fees, a fraction of the revenue collected by such fees is to be distributed to supporters.

_NOTE: This feature is not implemented in the current ZeppelinOS release._

## Marketplace
TODO

## Scheduler
TODO

## Governance

> TODO

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't add a section about the marketplace, the scheduler and governance for now

Author: Leo and I discussed that we will not document anything that is not yet implemented, so I will be removing the sections you suggest, plus others.
